We've arrived! We've arrived!
Work hard.
I can't take it anymore.
What are you saying?
If you can't do this, you'll get
eaten by demons in no time.
Tokito.
Imagine this is a real combat,
you already died three times.
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
The reason why it sounded like an excuse
A weakness that draws in a fleeting future
You mistake it for strength
So detestable, so detestable
So disgraceful, so disgraceful
The heart that is so bleak
So dark, so dark
That it almost hides the moon
If only you weren't here
It sways and sways
Carrying on its intentions
just like a flower
Taking it all away, taking it all away
It tears the heart just like a storm would
To you who is ignorant of
what eternity means
It's time to show you the answer
Beyond the endless spiral
Who awaits there
(Episode 4: "It Makes You Smile")
Even if you get hit, move quickly.
Get back to your stance immediately.
Keep up with me.
You died again.
Remember, don't stop even if
someone gets killed.
Once you stop, you'll also get killed.
Tanjiro! I've been waiting for you.
You seem well.
Hmph! You guys are useless!
I hope you get eaten by demons and die!
This crow again.
What are you looking at?
You small fries!
It's Tokito's Kasugai Crow.
She's rude as always.
You're annoying.
Shoo-shoo!
Huh?! Shut up!
I'll peck your eyeballs out!
Oh, Tokito, long time no see.
I look forward to training with you.
Likewise, Tanjiro.
Follow me for a moment.
Be mindful and save the water!
You're annoying!
What?!
I'm coming in.
If it isn't Sir Tokito.
Kanamori?
Oh! You're here too, Tanjiro?
Looks like you've now recovered.
It's good to see you.
Yes, thank you.
But why are you here?
It was me who called him.
Tanjiro, can you hold this for me?
Step back a bit and
point the blade this way.
Like this?
Keep at it.
How is it?
It's so sharp!
That's the reason why
I called Kanamori here.
So, you're here to...
Right. I'm staying permanently
to take care of his sword.
I want my sword always in the best
condition for upcoming battles.
When I told the Master that,
he said I could do as I pleased.
The Master...
And he even provided a place
specifically for sharpening swords.
I wish he would pay attention to
his own health.
He always prioritizes us the most.
We can't thank him enough.
Too many openings.
Pick up your wooden sword.
Do you think you can defeat your opponent
if you attack based on emotions?
If anything, you'd be like
a moth flying into the fire.
There are no do-overs in a fight
against the demons.
Even if you win nine times and lose once,
that one loss costs you your life.
You must hone every single move
to survive.
Let's call it for today.
Are you okay?
You hurt?
Hey, Kamado. Can you ask him
to ease up on the training a bit?
At this rate, we'll collapse before
we even get to fight any demons.
But I think Tokito is the one
having it the hardest.
You see, he's been training us
alone this whole time.
Make sense.
Right?
Need a hand towel?
Thank you.
If only he could soften the way he speaks.
His words cut really deep.
Yeah, totally.
Actually, I feel his tone has softened
compared to before.
For real?
It's over for us.
Tokito?
Where is he going?
He always goes out somewhere at night.
Maybe he's having dinner?
(Four)
Wind Breathing, Fourth Form:
Rising Dust Storm!
Serpent Breathing, Fifth Form:
Slithering Serpent.
We're evenly matched.
Seems so.
Let me join too.
Tokito?
You come all the way out here every day.
Is your training during the day
doing fine?
The training might be enough
for the other members,
but not for me.
Understandable.
For us, this is the real Hashira Training.
That's it. It's unfair
only the two of you get to do it.
All right, in honor of your coming,
Shinazugawa and I
will take you on together.
Let's get started.
Both of you against me?
How unfair.
Anytime, I'm ready!
Good! Beat them both!
You're the best!
Shut up!
Today's training really hit hard.
If I let my guard down even a little,
I might get seriously injured.
Otherwise, there's no point in training.
During the day,
sparring with the other members.
And at night,
a real combat training with you guys.
Not bad.
Tokito, how's your training today?
Tanjiro came to my place today.
That guy, huh?
So he's still hanging in there.
His wounds seem to be healing.
Maybe he'll be fully recovered by the time
he comes to your place, Iguro.
I see.
That means I can go all out
to train him, then?
Even if he's gotten a bit stronger,
I'll show him that he's still
nowhere near Hashira's level.
That sounds fun.
Do your best, Tanjiro.
There, you died.
You stopped moving.
There, you also died.
It seems there's not enough tension.
How about using real swords?
Bring the real swords.
O... Okay!
Let's begin.
But...
Take your stance.
I can't... I can't do it.
Come on.
Tokito, if you continue—
I'm sorry!
You didn't attack recklessly.
Consider that's a progress.
I understand.
Compared to you,
I can't possibly comprehend
how hard to fight in a battle.
I know that you go somewhere
every night
and return covered in bruises
beneath your clothes.
I saw you cooling your wounds at dawn.
We'll work harder, so...
You're doing good in your own way.
But that doesn't guarantee victory.
I don't want you guys to
be killed by demons.
I want all of you to live long
if possible.
That's what I really hope.
Tokito...
Good, Tanjiro.
You're faster than before.
Make your muscles' transition between
tense and relaxed even smoother.
Good!
Yes, like that!
If you do so,
your stamina will last longer.
The movement of your legs and hips
flows perfectly.
You can go to the next Hashira, Tanjiro.
Eh? Really?
Yes.
I've only been here for five days.
Because you're doing all
exactly I told you.
That means, we also...
We've been two weeks here.
What are you talking about?
You guys are still not doing well.
After practicing swinging the sword,
you guys need to train in striking
until the practice dummy breaks.
What a difference in treatment.
Tokito!
Let's have a paper airplane
flying competition!
Why so sudden?
Ta-da!
I heard you like paper airplanes.
If that's the case,
I can give it a shot too.
Sir Tokito's hobby, huh?
Let me think.
Well, if there's one,
it'd be making paper airplanes.
Paper airplanes?
Yes, I have plenty of them over there.
If I win, you must be kinder
towards the other members.
How about that?
Yeah, sure.
I won't lose.
You can't against me.
You're a good guy.
Are you sure?
It's my win if mine can fly longer
once out of ten tries?
Yeah. Though you'll never win
against me anyway.
If it's once out of ten...
Do you accept it or not?
Of course, I accept!
Then, throw it at the same time
on my signal!
One! Two! Three!
Throw!
Huh?
It's Sir Tokito's victory!
You can do it, Kamado!
You still have a chance!
Throw!
It's Sir Tokito's victory!
It's... It's Sir Tokito's victory.
Throw!
It's Sir Tokito's victory.
Argh! One more chance.
Don't give up, Tanjiro!
Yeah, I only need to win it once.
I lost.
(Defeat)
I told you, didn't I?
You can't win.
I thought I could win at least once.
Hashira!
May I join the challenge as well?
I'm good with throwing paper airplanes.
Me too!
I've been the best in my village before.
Hey, I won first place in my town's
paper airplane contest!
Let's do it then!
I'm in!
Someone, get us lots of paper!
Can I see it for a bit?
This time, I'd win.
What are you doing, Ugly?!
Look at you, you small fry!
You're annoying!
I'm not!
Are you ready, everyone?
Yeah!
Let's throw!
It's probably true that Muzan Kibutsuji
is targeting Nezuko
because she has overcome the sun.
Also, we rarely encounter demons
these days.
Thanks to that, we can focus on
the Hashira Training.
I was worried about being
separated from Nezuko.
But if I bring her to my mission,
that would play right into enemy hands.
It's too dangerous.
It's also possible that Kibutsuji is
gathering his demons to capture Nezuko,
so that he can end up hiding.
I'll train hard,
become stronger than ever,
and go to get Nezuko later.
You're always so positive, Tanjiro.
Because right now, Nezuko has
someone I really trust with her.
Tanjiro.
We must defeat Kibutsuji together
with everyone.
The flame that burns heaven
Truer than the truth
The voice of prayers and
the sounds of shouting
Are fleeting like winged insects
Why do those who devour lives
Beg mercy as if not knowing impurity
Those souls that win through
the darkness can only reach
Obtain that eternity
There's a feeling here that
doesn't know demise
Speak your dream, you strong one
A resound congratulating
tune of eternity
Into the light that governs the sky
In the corner of the world that is messy
A blade of a sword that
still wriggles and resists
Grovels and struggles miserably
Tanjiro! Long time no see!
Welcome to my mansion!
It's been a while!
Glad to see you looking well!
You too, Tanjiro.
Do you keep bees?
I smell the sweet scent of honey.
Oh! You knew?
That's right!
Honeycomb on bread is
super duper delicious!
And smear a lot of butter too!
I'll brew some black tea at three!
I'll make pancakes too!
So look forward to it!
Buttah? Pankehki?
And I barely know black tea.
Sweets! Bread! Pancakes!
This time I'll tell you about Tokito.
I'm looking forward to it because I feel
I haven't remembered everything.
Here we go, the Taisho period secret.
Since before he joined the Corps,
he had nerves of steel that he could
sleep through storms and lightning.
It sounds like I'm some kind
of insensitive person.
And you never lost your appetite either.
But while I had lost my memories,
my personality was like my brother's.
That made me happy
as if he was protecting me.
Tokito...
Next up on Episode 5:
"I Even Ate a Demon..."
(To be continued)